here's another good one this is
something that should be of concern to
every American no matter what your
politics are over the past few days a
pizzeria in New York has been getting a
lot of attention online for baking and
selling this this is a mustard pizza
they put mustard on it and then they put
corned beef on it sad reaction then
sauerkraut and finally cheddar cheese
all over the top of it turns out this
was invented in Trenton New Jersey about
thirty years ago
mustard pizza and these guys in New York
took that original idea and made it I
don't know worse I guess but I you know
I want to be fair I'm always like to be
fair especially when it comes to pizza I
don't like to judge a book by its
disgusting cover so we called these guys
and we asked them to bring to make and
bring a mustard pizza to the show and
here they are now please welcome Francis
Garcia and his cousin sound
[Applause]
this is the right size is a full-size
feet - right this is the whole pizza you
get four corners we cut it into four
corners it's delicious it smells good
I'm gonna admit that it's right off the
bat you like mustard Doyle I love
mustard my ground mustard when we were
kids we didn't have a lot of money so my
mother made macaroni and mustard cousin
so you guys are really cousins that's
right really first since you brought
your cousin Sal it was only fair that I
bring my cousin Sal
[Applause]
there's only one thing better than a
Perrier this is the peristyle
by the way my cousin Sal has a new show
his own show starting Monday on
foxsports1 130 on West Coast it's about
sports gambling but that's we're here to
focus on sounds gonna help me judge this
and well I guess we should just eat it
and see what do you know what do you
think of his shoes I think they're
they're they're very stylish the shoes I
like yeah all right all right just you
don't you just might right into it right
right it's got a muster up the must
indeed I got a lot of big joke here's
what I'm gonna say it's really good
first of all it is delicious
I think I don't like it very much it's
something that might be up are announced
or Dickies Ali I think here
[Laughter]
[Applause]
that was big thing keys man
okay I do like it I love for me no I'm
not gonna hide his house business but
it's not really pizza I mean it's pizza
in the same way like what a muffin is to
a cupcake like it's different you know
it's like that's not alike
it makes the rules I make the rules but
anyway it doesn't matter cuz it tastes
good all right all right what's the name
of your lions tigers and squares detroit
pizza light right right Tigers beat
I'm gonna eat the rest of it if you
liked that video click Subscribe and
we'll be together until one of us dies